All these features should be functional before every release
----------------------- Teacher Tests -----------------------
1. Teacher is able to create an account
2. Teacher is able to log into their account
3. Teacher is able to create a new class
4. Teacher is able to view a list of all their classes from the side menu
5. Teacher is able to access a specfic class & view the students in that class
6. Teacher is able to share class code with students through messaging, social media, etc.
7. Teacher is able to remove a student from their class
8. Teacher is able to view a student's current assignment
9. Teacher is able to view a student's assignment history
10. Teacher is able to view a student's average grade
11. Teacher is able to edit a student's current assignment
12. Teacher is able to grade a student's current assignment
13. Teacher is able to change/regrade a previous assignment
14. Teacher is able to submit a new date's attendance
15. Teacher is able to view a class's attendance for a specific date
16. Teacher is able to change a previous date's attendance
17. Teacher is able to delete a class
18. Teacher is able to view & edit their profile information
19. Teacher is able to view the credits screen
20. Teacher is able to view the privacy policy
21. Teacher is able to log out
22. Teacher is able to change their password
23. Teacher receives a notification when a student changes her assignment status

----------------------- Student Tests -----------------------
1. Student is able to create an account
2. Student is able to log into their account
3. Student is able to join a new class
4. Student is able to view all their classes in the side menu
5. Student is able to view their current assignment within a particular class
6. Student is able to change the status of their current assignment
7. Student is able to view a list of their current assignments & their grades
8. Student is able to view the privacy policy
9. Student is able to view the credits screen
10. Student is able to log out
11. Student is able to change their password
12. student receives notification when her teachers updates her assignment
